More and more, your customers are turning to the internet and your competitors are using [[http://advertisewebsiteforfree.com/|advertise website for free ]]solutions to win them away from you.

In fact, statistics today show that a higher percentage of people, people in your local area - now use the internet to find local service and business professionals such as yourself rather than the old, traditional yellow page directories.

So what is a new business to do, when it can takes weeks, months, even years for their business website to be noticed on the internet?

You could hire a local SEO expert to rank your website for you, but that can take time and they are usually expensive too.

Google Free Advertising

A better solution is to take advantage of business networks that provide Google Free Advertising.

What to look for from a Business Network with Google Free Advertising:

When looking for a business network, look for those that are free to join, so you can research them from the inside and make an educated decision on actively participating.

Google Free Advertising - Free Website Advertising OnlineAsk prospective business networks if they can give your business webpage 1st page ranking on the search engines and give you free website advertising online.

Not too long ago, you had to pay for leads, but why pay for leads when there is now Google Free Advertising you can get on the first page of major search engines with free website advertising online and network with other local professionals in your area for FREE?

When considering membership in a business network, Be sure to ask what does it cost to get a business directory, optimized webpage, social network and referral management system to help grow your business fast.

Now, if you are thinking that all these services are going to cost you something, let me tell you - that is no longer true...

There is a nation wide movement sweeping the county. Thousands of local business professionals are coming together and forming local business referral networks for referring their customers to other member businesses. This is like nothing you have seen before.

Think of it as having a sales force of hundreds of other businesses promoting your business to everyone they know! These networks are semi-exclusive which means they limit the number of professionals per category, per network. (i.e. 3 real estate agents, 3 painters, 3 web designers). With hundreds of categories, that's a network of hundreds of professionals eager to exchange referrals with YOU!

Once a member, you are provided with Google Free Advertising. Your information is listed in their consumer directory available to millions of online consumers and emailed to all other business professionals in your area introducing you and your services. From there, you can access your own real-time Referral Center to easily track every referral both sent and received.

How can they provide Google Free Advertising?

The best business networks will give you these free benefits:

    Free Website Advertising Online for Google Free Advertising guaranteed to get on the first page of major search engines!
    Hundreds of other businesses promoting You
    Referrals instantly emailed directly to your mobile device or email account.
    Real time tracking of all referrals sent and received
    Massive consumer visibility on the network's Directory
    Semi-exclusive listing. That means You won't get lost among a phone book full of competitors
    Paid on referrals while building your own network
    Easy networking tools, and introductions emailed to you
    Live Coaching on Who, What, Where, Why and How to network with others

I recommend Smartguy.com for all of these features, they provide an excellent site to[[http://www.smartguy.com/register.asp?sponsor=1585| advertise your website for free]]. I used them and placed my business on the 1st page of google in 3 weeks!

In the fast pace world of business today, you must become more efficient and more visible to your customers. Working together with other business professionals is best way to do that. Reprinted with permission from [[http://www.empowernetwork.com/JohnDomzalski/blog/google-free-advertising-free-website-advertising-on|Google Free Advertising]].