Ever wonder how many times a Smartphone Repair Shop gets a new customer because an iphone dropped in water? It must be often. When I was at best buy I noticed 'waterproof' iphone cases are now being sold. I decided to investigate the Smartphone repair shop business and write an article about it.

Smartphone Repair Shop Business is good

Seems it's a great business to start. Nowadays, most people are lost without their phones. Smartphones have become a necessity for many those who live their lives on the go. While insurance plans can replace our phones in about 24 hours, they usually may be used only once during the lifetime of a service contract. That is why many are turning to while you wait smartphone repair stores.

The smartphone repair business opportunity arose from necessity. Young entrepreneurs saw a business opportunity as they and their friends struggled to find places to fix phones with broken screens. Some of these entrepreneurs taught themselves how to fix the phones by buying broken phones on eBay and trying to repair them. This became fixing their friends phones. Some of these entrepreneurs, many of whom were college students, used charge card to finance the start of their businesses and have become quite successful.

Being familiar with the most popular smartphone models is essential. Now, Android and iPhone models are dominating the market. But, the smartphone market is highly competitive and it is almost certain that a new player will emerge to take on the two current giants.
Opening a Smartphone Repair Shop

When creating a business plan for your smartphone repair business, you will want to decide whether you are going to operate a physical smartphone repair shop or work from home. If you decide to work from home, you will have to build a website to generate leads. Operating your smartphone repair business from home is an economical way to get started. But, having a storefront adds an increased perception of viability to your business, and allows the freedom to build more sales with walk-in clients.

The majority of smartphone repairs are for broken screens. As much as we use our smartphones, they get dropped from time to time. When squirreling away on replacement screens, make the effort to find a high quality supplier. Anybody can go online and find a cheap replacement screen and smartphone repair kit. You want your services to stick out from what any amateur can do, and an important part of that is to secure a top quality supplier.

Getting started is relatively easy. The tools you will need to do most any repair to a smartphone are available as a smart phone repair kit. These kits usually cost under $ 50, and are enough to get you started. There are schools that offer training classes on repairing smartphones if you don't feel comfortable teaching yourself.

An even easier way to go in to the business is to buy an existing smartphone repair business opportunity. You can do this by either buying a single business from someone who started it, or buying a franchise. Purchasing an existing business saves you the trouble of setting up the infrastructure, hiring employees, buying supplies, and establishing a customer base. This way, you can focus solely on growing the business instead of struggling with headaches of a start-up. Getting financing will be easier as well, because the business will have an established track record. You will also be naturally eliminating one of your possible future competitors.

Starting or purchasing a smartphone repair shop is a great new business opportunity. The competition in this market today is almost nonexistent. This means you will can establish yourself first in your market, which gives you an overwhelming advantage over any future competition. Smartphones are not going away. Instead, mobile technologies are growing by leaps and bounds. Smartphone repair is a great opportunity to start a business that fills a need in the community, a need that will not be diminishing any time soon.

Reprinted courtesy of [[http://johndomzalski.com/home-based-business/how-many-times-is-an-iphone-dropped-in-water|JohnDomzalski.com]]