Solavei wants to help You Make More Money than You are currently making. How much? That's for you to decide, but if you have a cellphone plan, you are paying too much for it and you owe it to yourself to read this!

Fact is: Everyone is looking for a little more money each month, so they don’t have to stretch so much – so they have room to breathe! In fact, because of the rigors of the global economy everyone has become desensitized in order to cope, but that doesn’t solve the problem at hand – everyone still needs more money.

Solavei is stepping Up to the Challenge!

It’s times like these which have defined our country. Our people take hold of the challenges before them and turn them into strength and purpose. The irony is: We are all surrounded by money every day! It’s called advertising. It’s loud, it’s often un-welcomed and it’s VERY, VERY BIG Business!

Large corporations spend billions of dollars trying to get you and me to buy something. Something like two thousand advertising messages hit you every day! But when was the last time you bought something because you saw it on a billboard?

The mobile industry alone spent over 12 Billion dollars last year in advertising, trying to get new customers!

What did they do with all that money? 

What if a company took that money and instead of spending it on loud advertising, spent it on sharing? What if they took that money and they gave it to the best advertiser in the world – You?

That’s why Solavei was created. Solavei is a social service, creating a new industry called social commerce. That means taking what you do naturally every single day through a social means of sharing and using that 12 billion dollars worth of advertising and giving it to others like You, instead of 1 or 2 big corporations who don’t even know you exist.

Sounds good right? How about this: As of March 6th, 2013 Since Sept. 21st, 2012 Solavei has paid More Than $6.5 Million to its Members for Sharing Solavei with Others!

Generally speaking, businesses Take from those who are their customers. Solavei sales a service and they give You an opportunity to build your own economic value.

Think about it: If you put a couple hundred dollars into somebody’s pocket right now, the way this economy is going – you free them up to do a whole lotta things they couldn’t do. Maybe they can quite that second or third job to spend more time with their family. Maybe they can now pay their rent, or maybe they can get a bigger house. Maybe they can now get that new car they need. That is really, really a big deal, right? That is what Solavei is focused on doing!

This is not just an amazing way to get your mobile service. This is an amazing way, of doing business!

Social networks connect people in new ways. But what hasn’t been done is turning that into real commerce. At Solavei they are actually bringing real value to people. Not just advertising but something that really impacts your life!

Word of mouth is better than any advertisement and that’s why T-Mobile is excited to partner with Solavei. Solavei is a perfect example of American ingenuity. When you think about the last 5 or 10 years you see the growth of some astonishing companies like Google, Microsoft, Apple, E-Bay, Amazon – you name it.

Solavei is destined to take it’s place among these companies as one of the innovators of American Business. It is a win-win-win opportunity.

One of the great things in business is when you have two things come together. One is the opportunity to create a great business, the other is the opportunity to do great things for people directly. Solavei offers You Both.

Solavei is the start of something big. It is turning the mobile industry away from the world of advertising and turning selling, into sharing. Solavei is a company that is focused on You. Solavei is putting the value on who it should be placed – on You.

Reprint courtesy of [[http://johndomzalski.com/network-marketing/atlanta-solavei-to-give-you-billions-of-dollars/|John Domzalski - Founding Solavei member in Atlanta GA]]